Chen Meixiao, this is also the day you started a family
Yeah, even if I shouldn't be guilty
You shouldn't deal with it like this
How did you use this thing?
So you don't plead guilty?
What face do you have for me to confess?
Now I'll give you one more chance.
Three kowtows for everyone here
Maybe I'll be happy and go back to your house to beg for money.
Only break your limbs
How about saving your dog's life?
Hahaha, big brother looks really handsome.
Don't kneel down for me right now
It's you and I have executives from the Holy Dragon Group, right?
You're now begging me to put you on the top floor
I'm afraid it's too late
I heard that executives from the state-owned Shenglong Group
Earn over a million a year
But you said you have a chance to win tens of billions of orders.
I think the credibility of this matter is very low.
You dare to question whether I believe it or not
What's the matter, stop talking nonsense here
Shenglong Group is interested in Young Master Liu's coins
Because he has the ability
Unlike you who have achieved nothing and like to slander others
Just talking nonsense
Beware of getting slapped in the face
Ten years bamboo horse
Three year couple
In the end I don't know you and you don't know me
It's time to hit
But I hit your people